c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\AutoPark.exe.config
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\AutoPark.exe
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\AutoPark.pdb
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.g.resources
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.exe
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\AutoPark.pdb
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Dragablz.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Dragablz.pdb
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Dragablz.xml
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\obj\Debug\ResourcesStyles.baml
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoPark\AutoPark\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
